You have reached Jonasi Gomora.
Please leave a message
and I'll get back to you.
I need you to come down to the hospital.
-Right now.
-My sister.
I rushed here
as soon as I heard about Essie.
Which Essie are you talking about. Magesh?
The one you're married to?
You can cut the act. Magesh.
Huh?
Sarah told me everything.
So every time you see me
and you call me your sister-in-law.
it's all just been a bunch of bullshit?
You've turned me into a fucking clown.
You know. I thought the Matipa stuff
was bad. but this?
Even God wouldn't forgive this.
Let me help you with that.
-Wow. Brother.
-Sister-in-law.
Where did you two meet?
-We met in Soweto.
-At Sandton Mall.
Yeah. we first met when we were kids.
Back then. when we were growing up…
Joyce. my child.
It's enough now.
This marriage is going to kill you.
Joyce!
Joyce. Joyce!
Oh.
Essie.
The two of you have got some nerve
to just show up here.
Sarah has done nothing wrong.
-And you know that. She's innocent--
-Nonsense!
Don't dare tell me that rubbish.
Essie.
I trusted you.
I opened my home to you.
You were around my children.
I came to you as a trusting sister.
asking for advice from you
while you were doing this behind my back?
At least now you know exactly
how we've felt after all these years.
-Ah.
-We've kept this secret
because we're afraid that the truth
would actually break you.
Sarah has been dying inside.
The 20 years that you speak of
was 20 years that my children and I
have been living like outcasts.
watching you guys be a happy family.
So you. you're not supposed to cry because
you're not supposed to be heartbroken
while some of us die from the inside
so that you can sit on your throne
as the queen of this home.
Fuck off.
Is Sarah's father…
here?
Does he even know that I was in hospital?
Essie. I said fuck off.
-Fuck off. Get out of my house.
-Let's go.
-Let's go. Sarah.
-Just go!
You need to leave. Leave.
Let's go. Sarah.
Mom. I don't think it's a good idea for
you to be drinking while on medication.
Oh.
Sarah. I know. but it's just one drink.
Come on.
-Wow.
-Why? Where are you off to?
To J&J.
-To talk to Dad.
-Really?
Well. the truth is out now.
so we need to talk and find a way forward.
Oh. I'll come with you.
-Give me my crutches.
-Uh-uh. Mom. Sit down. Relax.
I'll go talk to Dad.
I know it's strange. Mom.
but I have a good feeling…
…about what's about to happen.
This is a new chapter for you and me.
For us. For our family.
Everything I've ever wanted
will finally happen. Mom.
So bye-bye.
But… But we could still go together.
-Essie is Jonasi's wife?
-Hmm.
His second wife.
-Where does all of this place me?
-You're number three.
You're the third wife.
but. then again. that's if
there aren't any more who will come
crawling out the woodworks
to claim their place.
You're so calm about all of this.
How are you so relaxed?
W-What do you want me to say?
Be sick and cry?
And throw a fit?
My dear. I've been down that road.
It's not like it changed anything
and stuff.
I'm still here.
Here.
Here. Take it. Come on. now.
You want to cry?
Rather cry because of the wine.
There's nothing we can do.
Let me welcome you to my pity party.
No. wait. wait. wait.
What are we toasting to now. Joyce?
We're toasting to Jonasi. my sister wife.
Oh. heavens.
Wow. baby girl.
You look beautiful.
-What brings you here?
-I came to see my dad.
'Cause everything is
out in the open now. Uncle.
And does he know you're here to see him?
No. he doesn't.
But the truth is out now
and everyone knows what's going on.
And I want us to get coffee
and bond like father and daughter.
Everything I wanted is coming true. Uncle.
Hi. Sarah. How can I help you?
Um. I'm here to see my dad.
You were just with him.
No. no. no. my real dad. Jonasi Gomora.
Is he in?
Uh. okay.
Um. Mr J is out.
but he should be back in 15 minutes.
Don't worry. I'll wait for him
in his office. Thank you.
Okay.
Mpume. you have a visitor.
-Let me explain.
-What are you doing here. Bongs?
-I want to fix things.
-Fix what?
I didn't plan any of this.
Sarah came onto me.
-Oh. so I'm the fool and you're right?
-That's not what I'm saying.
How many times have you told me
you're not ready
-and I waited for you?
-Leave.
-I'm sorry. Wait!
-Leave. Bongs.
-I just want to fix things.
-For what?
I just want to fix things between us.
Mpume. please.
-Please leave. Bongs.
-How's this your concern?
-You know how? You've hurt my friend.
-How is this your business?
Stop involving yourself.
What's your problem?
I will involve myself
because you've hurt my friend.
-Why are you involving yourself?
-Leave!
-Hey. hey. Whoa.
-Come down with me.
So you have the nerve to come to our house
and do this shit?
-Please. I'm trying to speak to Mpume.
-To do what? Get out.
-I wanna fix things.
-Get out.
-Get out!
-I'm not trying to fight.
Are you trying to fight? Huh?
-What are you…
-Bongs.
Did you just push me?
So you wanna put your hands on me?
Get out!
You tell him. Menzi.
You're full of shit.
Get out of here. Get out. Get out!
-You're a dog.
-Oh. my word.
I thought we were brothers.
And you kept something like this from me?
A secret like this?
Hey. hey. hey.
You-- You just hold it right there.
Imagine how my mother would've felt
knowing that I went behind her back
and betrayed her
to people who don't even like me?
You need to stop
acting like a little girl.
What the hell is wrong with you? Wow.
At least now you know the reason why
your father and I don't get along.
It's all because of
this shit that he does.
-Jonasi is an asshole.
-Yes. he's an asshole.
But there's one thing I commend him for.
Bro.
That man doesn't play games
when it comes to sex.
-You see now? So this is a joke to you?
-Come on. Come on. bro.
You're making a joke out of this shit?
Ah. piss off.
Just give me a break.
You're turning this into a joke.
What's so funny?
You want to hit me with a brick?
-You want to hit me?
-I'm not as crazy as you. Take this.
Here. Hit me. nigga.
-You want to hit me with a brick?
-You're the man now. right?
Hit me then. nigga.
I'm giving you permission. Hit me. nigga.
I want you to release that anger.
Show me. Hit me.
-Hey!
-You must be out of your mind.
-You idiot! You almost hit me.
-You said I must hit you.
What if you really hit me?
Huh? Why are you so stupid?
You are lucky
that I really care about you.
Let's go. man. Get in the car. Let's go.
-Ah. shucks.
-You've really lost your mind. huh?
You did said I must hit you.
Oh. hi. Dad.
Sarah.
I printed and framed our portrait.
Wait. wait. wait. What're you doing here?
Um. I brought your… your pen.
You left it at home on your birthday.
Here it is.
Oh. thank you.
I was just thinking. maybe we could
go out. grab coffee and talk?
Oh. no. Sarah… …I actually have a meeting.
Uh. it's actually an urgent meeting.
I actually came to grab these files.
Um. that's fine.
How long will your meeting take?
Uh. it could be an hour
or maybe even two hours. Who knows?
I'm not in a rush.
I'll sit and wait for you here.
No. no. no. Uh…
You don't need to do all of that.
I mean. you can also see
it's getting late now.
Uh…
Listen. here's what you can do.
Go speak to Buhle
and ask her to slot you into my diary
so I don't forget.
Then we can do lunch.
-Really?
-Mm-hmm.
Whoa. wait! Hey. hey.
Wow.
Oh. would you look at that.
Man of the moment. You're back. Hmm?
Wow. Jo.
It must be nice being you.
You just carry on like nothing happened.
Business as usual.
Now that you're here.
won't you please enlighten me.
How many more bitches
are you sleeping with? Hmm?
Do you have any more kids?
Are there any others I can expect?
What about wives? Are there more? Hmm?
And I've also found out about Sarah.
What about Freedom?
Is he also yours?
Wow.
-No.
-Oh.
Good to know that you do miss sometimes.
Is there anything else
you'd like to confess to me?
No. I'm just asking because
too many surprises keep popping up.
and. honestly. I'm tired.
So rather just tell me now.
what other sneaky things have you hidden?
Listen. Joyce.
Hmm?
I'm sorry.
I am sorry.
Well. you listen here.
Jonasi. these apologies of yours.
please save them.
Do you hear me?
Save it for someone who actually cares
because I'm no longer involved.
I wash my hands of you.
The truth about Essie will come out
and hit the blogs.
Everyone will find out about it.
What will happen to me after that?
Why do you care about gossip?
You survived Matipa.
This is nothing.
You do understand that
this isn't just about me. right?
-This is about all the women out there…
-Joyce Gomora.
…who look up to me. who don't know
that the life I'm living is a lie.
I wanted to say that my husband
has also wanted to marry another woman.
I put my foot down. and I said no. Joyce.
But following you has given me
a change of heart.
I love my career.
I've sacrificed so much for it.
but I'll stop.
Ivory Oasis Baths. Treat yourself.
No. Joyce. This is not working.
But how long can I be the face
-of women who bare it all?
-…hiding the bags under your eyes.
Is this really the best
that you can give us?
Letting the Jonasi's of this world
get away with treating women like this
while I do nothing?
How will I live with myself?
Let's go for another take.
Uh-uh. Uh-uh. Trinity.
This is enough now.
-Joyce.
-No way.
I'm done.
What are you saying. Joyce?
Are you going back to being a housewife?
While the kids are growing?
I think it's time
I went back to the drawing board
to think things through.
And choose myself in life.
For once.
As the saying goes.
all good things come to an end.
Um. so I wanted to take the time
to go live and announce that
I'll be taking a break for a bit
and step away from the limelight.
Guys. I need to…
…focus on myself for a bit.
focus on my family so--
Sorry about that.
So. yeah. thank you for showing me love.
Thank you for the support
you've shown me over the years.
Good afternoon.
South Africa. Here are our top stories.
Authorities continue
to monitor developments…
-Dad.
-Hmm?
Can we talk?
Go ahead. baby girl. I'm listening.
The past few weeks
have been really difficult for me.
…are advised to remain patient…
First it was Aunt Matipa and the twins.
That affected us a lot. Dad.
Then it was Aunt Essie and Sarah.
All of that…
Police have urged the public to cooperate
and to report any information
that may assist with these cases.
All of this made me question
if my life was a lie all along.
On the financial front.
the JSE closed mixed today…
-As our father…
-…as investors reacted to global market…
-…as my father…
-…movements and local economic indicators…
…you're supposed to protect us from pain…
…but you're doing the total opposite.
…uncertainty around
interest rates continues to influence--
Geez.
Dad.
I've been asking myself
if you even care. but… Dad.
if you even care about us.
Dad. are you even listening to me?
You can put that down.
I'll read it myself.
Thank you.
Thank you for asking me out.
Ah. no.
It's no problem. We've been
talking for so long over the phone.
So I thought. uh. we should meet.
Hmm.
So. tell me about yourself. Who are you?
Oh.
This sounds like an interview now.
but okay.
What do you wanna know about me?
How many siblings do you have?
Oh. I have two.
Oh. okay.
It's actually four.
My dad just… just had twins.
Okay.
I-It's five actually.
So. which one is it?
How many? Is it two. four. six…
Mihlali.
can we stop talking about my family?
Please.
Oh. okay.
Okay. Wow.
Piss off! Get out of here.
Get out. Get out!
I don't ever. ever want to see you
near my sister.
Can you not be on your phone right now?
Huh?
I just want us to focus on each other.
-Oh.
-I think there could be something special
between us.
You know. Mihlali. uh…
I'm really sorry. but. uh.
can we do this. uh.
some other time? I really need to go.
Hi. bro. Uh. thank you.
-Uh. bye…
-What?
…thank you for everything.
I'm really sorry.
What?
Are you ready to order. ma'am?
Oh. sorry. Please give me five minutes.
I'm still waiting for my dad.
He's. like. probably on his way.
-Sure thing.
-Thank you.
Hi.
Jonasi Gomora.
Leave a message. and I'll get back to you.
Dad. it's me again.
I'm just calling to check.
How far are you?
Thank you. Yeah.
Jonasi Gomora.
Leave a message. and I'll get back to you.
Dad.
uh. I-I don't know what you'd like to eat.
but I think I'll get you your steak
and chips.
At least the truth is finally out.
Everyone is absolutely free now.
So. how do you feel?
It could have been
handled differently. better.
Yeah.
At least you don't have to
pretend like you're my husband anymore.
You know. I feel like my whole life.
in truth. I've just been pretending.
I don't even know how
I'll start this new one.
Yeah.
I hear you.
Wow. Jonasi.
Mmm. Your brother? Wow.
I know.
Hmm.
Piss off! Get out of here.
Get out. Get out!
-I don't want to see you near my sister.
-Tell me you're joking. bro.
Joking about what?
Lindani. Lindani called me. me.
my brother. a real man.
She called me a real man!
Bro. don't you get it?
She's not like the other girls.
-Lindani has that thing about her. man.
-Wow.
-That thing?
-Ah. come on.
-Okay. Mr "She has that thing about her."
-Yes.
She has a boyfriend. What about that?
Mmm.
They're having problems. And…
And they are going to break up.
So I just need advice from you as my guru
to get me in there.
Take this.
-Huh?
-Why don't you call her right now?
Call her and then tell her you want to
meet up and then just grab a few drinks.
Ah. come on. bro.
She's still busy right now.
I think she's still busy with Mpume.
I-I don't want to disturb them.
Why are you laughing. bro?
-Now is not a good time.
-#RealMan. huh?
Don't you worry. I'm going
to give you prescriptions. my boy.
I'm taking you to the devil's playground.
Oh. yeah.
I want you to dance for me all night.
Shake your ass and don't stop. Mommy!
-That's right! Shake that ass. don't stop!
-Ah. no. no. no. stop it. Freedom.
Hey! Give me a break. bro.
What's wrong with you?
Tell me. Where have you seen
a guy turn meet down at a butchery?
Come on. man. You know
this is not my vibe. Freedom.
You do your thing and let me do mine.
This is where I belong.
The devil's playground.
Wait. wait. wait. wait. Freedom.
Excuse me. lady.
Bro. bro. I have an idea on how I
can get Lindani to like me. bro.
No. listen. bro.
Listen. Look. I need to make
a romantic gesture. you know?
-What?
-I'm serious.
I need to call and tell her
that I'm taking her out tomorrow.
-Listen. Maybe I can take her out to--
-Ah. come on! Come on. Come on.
Come on. Come on. Come on.
There's ass everywhere.
and the only thing you can think about
is Lindani?
You're crazy. I'm calling her right now.
Shake that ass non-stop.
Hi. daddy. I can give you at half price.
What do you think?
Oh. Um… No. thank you.
Oh. your loss.
Wh-Who's that?
Didn't you hear someone come in?
Mm-mmm.